GAI thoughts:


1) defining collaborative behaviors. What do we want to have?
   a toast / cheers
   idle conversation (several types of these?)
   conversation about events AT the party
   gossip about other characters at the party (when they are out of earshot)
   dancing? (likely to be complicated to implement)
   eating
   drinking

   some small moods?
     eg, a character is in a foul mood leads to them being snitty with others.

   some relationship dependent interactions
     eg, a married couple sticks together
     a guy flirts with a girl

   separate types of character roles
     bartender: will gossip and flirt, also serve drinks
     waiting staff: will travel delivering o'deouves, drinks
     entertainers: singer?
     important guests
     less important guests
     host, should attend the guests

   some degree of personality to the guests?

   needs sliders similar to Sims?
     but not as absurdist?
     eg, gets hungry sometimes, goes to the bathroom sometimes, but these show up only intermittently
     drunkeness. 


2) defining gameplay:
   what should be some example player interactions?

   some conversations "unlock" based on knowledge (represent knowledge, favors as tokens)
   have special template conversational options available to the player specifically, which grant the tokens as a result of the behavior actions.


   default neutral behavior:
     have nested radial menus, with several potential conversation topics: eg, "ask about..."
     and then about: "job", "gossip", etc.


3) plot
   we should identify some
   who is being poisoned, why? 
   who is at the party?
   what sort of setting is it (eg, contemporary, Bond '60s, roaring '20s?)
   who is the host?

   Cast
     General military guy
     Mafiaesque guy
     High class prostitute
     Entertainer / celebrity
     another spy
     investigator
     ambassador

   how many characters?
     major plus extras

   maybe...... 
     PC is supposed to kill the celebrity (who is a sleazeball)
     they stole someone's oscar / audition / script
     hilarious because of pettiness?


4) environment
   what are spaces in the environment?
   bar, entry way, more private areas, more public areas, dining room   


